today in trends dressed in the other
the night I think it's still the subject
a bit like prestige and level that
continue with the entities the styles
stylized and a little ways to
market people still capture it like this
short dress for day and long dress
for our faces when they arrive
normally we see them the schemes
we can offer for example a
long day dress
It is spectacular but expensive the same
dress
if we lose it like that
it's an evening dress
we follow a little bit all the
trends but then we adapt them to
a way much lighter or light
so that it is very coupled to the street
you have a little philosophy is the one that
woman is always female is
we use fabrics like very vaporous
as you see infinity of colors so that
stop a little each woman
women with what the store what is
what he wants is
decompensated and wants to be the queen of
seville a color that can raise the tone
of skin that can lower it this
disconnected can be with the same
dress and elvis the same way can
Be radiant like being super off
and spend on productive endesa that
sometimes he also asks for it I think what
principal is how right now it is
everyone is playing with the forms that
we have for
for women this destination
favored possible
I'm more like because I'll let you know
a bit casual but that 's when the
recent occasion of bought the clothes of
dresses if he is someone important
a special wedding or a special occasion
something that has never been repeated
It tastes bad to me but depending on the wedding it is or
the site yes I would like to get
pretty what happens that is expensive sometimes
city ​​my friends my shopping bonuses
because you can put a wedding on
beautiful